docs: fix data_dir config tip (#1756)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/configuration/configuration.md

### **Main Configuration File**

EMQX will create a group of directories after installation, among which, `etc` is the folder that keeps all the configuration files. This section will focus on the main configuration file: `emqx.conf`.

Depends on your installation mode, emqx.conf` is stored in:

| Installation                               | Path                      |
| ------------------------------------------ | ------------------------- |
| Installed with RPM or DEB package          | `/etc/emqx/emqx.conf`     |
| Running in docker container                | `/opt/emqx/etc/emqx.conf` |
| Extracted from portable compressed package | `./etc/emqx.conf`         |

As the main configuration file, `emqx.conf` contains most of the commonly used configuration items. You can follow the example provided in the `emqx-example.conf` file (located within the same folder) to customize the settings. EMQX will use the default setting for other items to simplify your configuration work.  

> 

Reviewer: Down below
> EMQX also provides **two** configuration rewrite files implicitly nested under `emqx.conf`:

Depends on your installation mode, emqx.conf` is stored in:

| Installation                               | Path                      |
| ------------------------------------------ | ------------------------- |
| Installed with RPM or DEB package          | `/etc/emqx/emqx.conf`     |
| Running in docker container                | `/opt/emqx/etc/emqx.conf` |
| Extracted from portable compressed package | `./etc/emqx.conf`         |

As the main configuration file, `emqx.conf` contains most of the commonly used configuration items.
You can follow the example provided in the `emqx.conf.example` file (located within the same directory) to customize the settings.
EMQX uses the default settings if a config item is not found in the config files.

### Configuration Rewrite File

`emqx.conf` defines settings at a global level, for cases where you need to customize the settings for a cluster or a node,
EMQX also provides a configuration rewrite file implicitly overlaying `emqx.conf`:

**`cluster-override.conf`**

> Contains configuration items for entire cluster, configuration cahnges made from Dashboard, REST API, and CLI when be persisted to this file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contains configuration items for the entire cluster, configuration changes made from Dashboard, REST API, and CLI will be persisted to this file.
```

| ---------------------------------- | -------------------- |
| Installed with compression package | `./data`             |

> | Installed with binary package      | `/var/lib/emqx/data` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Installed with binary package      | `/var/lib/emqx` |
```

Reviewer: while you are here
